admin/README.md, before:

# Reddit admin scripts

A repository of scripts used to perform some basic administrative tasks
on Reddit.

Created for use in r/Arduino, but should be generic enough to use on other
subreddits.

There are a couple of projects in this repository.


## Library/Common files.

These files are used by multiple scripts.

|File|Description|
|---|---|
|redditRequest.py|Submit a request to reddit via the API using an API token and record the JSON response for processing|
|redditGetToken.py|Request a fresh API token and cache it - only needed if the current token has expired|
|redditSecrets.py|Contains all of your secret stuff (passwords and user IDs). Also reads the API token from the cache.|

## Digest files

These files are used to extract posts and generate the monthly digest.

|File|Description|
|---|---|
|redditDigestExtract.py|Extract and record a summary of posts for a specified subreddit and month. This is needed if your subreddit has > 1,000 posts per month (which is the history limit)|
|redditDigestGenerate.py|Processes the extracted post summaries and generates the digest as Markdown. If provided, a header and footer will be included in the generated post.|


## Post activity extraction

This script is used to extract a list of users replying to a given post.


|File|Description|
|---|---|
|redditParseMilestonePost.py|Given a post, produce a list of user IDs that have commented on it.|

Commit message:

Added information about how to use the redditSecrets.py file.

admin/README.md, after:

# Reddit admin scripts

A repository of scripts used to perform some basic administrative tasks
on Reddit.

Created for use in r/Arduino, but should be generic enough to use on other
subreddits.

There are a couple of projects in this repository.


## Library/Common files.

These files are used by multiple scripts.

|File|Description|
|---|---|
|redditRequest.py|Submit a request to reddit via the API using an API token and record the JSON response for processing|
|redditGetToken.py|Request a fresh API token and cache it - only needed if the current token has expired|
|redditSecrets.py|Contains all of your secret stuff (passwords and user IDs). Also reads the API token from the cache.|

**Note**: reddidSecrets.py is a template. You will need to fill in **your** reddit API credentials into the file
as described in the comments. Refer to the [Reddit API overview](https://www.reddit.com/wiki/api/) wiki page for
pointers about the reddit API including links to getting credentials if you need them.

## Digest files

These files are used to extract posts and generate the monthly digest.

|File|Description|
|---|---|
|redditDigestExtract.py|Extract and record a summary of posts for a specified subreddit and month. This is needed if your subreddit has > 1,000 posts per month (which is the history limit)|
|redditDigestGenerate.py|Processes the extracted post summaries and generates the digest as Markdown. If provided, a header and footer will be included in the generated post.|


## Post activity extraction

This script is used to extract a list of users replying to a given post.


|File|Description|
|---|---|
|redditParseMilestonePost.py|Given a post, produce a list of user IDs that have commented on it.|
